gazetteer - a geographical index or dictionary.

https://gazetteer.org.uk/ - example

A gazetteer is a geographical dictionary[1][2][3] or directory used in conjunction with a map or atlas.[4][5] 
It typically contains information concerning the geographical makeup, social statistics and physical features of a country,
 region, or continent. Content of a gazetteer can include a subject's location, dimensions of peaks and waterways, population,
 gross domestic product and literacy rate. This information is generally divided into topics with entries listed in alphabetical order.

Specifications:
This application is envisaged as a “mobile first“ website that will operate equally well
on desktop computers.

-Using a framework like Bootstrap will ease the task of design and a good approach would
be to have a standard nav bar with a select tag for the countries and the map taking up all
of the rest of available space on screen.


On loading, the system should be able to determine the current location of the device and
display a map highlighting the country that the user is currently in. This may be achieved
using the JavaScript navigator command.

The latitude and longitude data returned by this can then be used by AJAX functions to
make calls to PHP routines that you design to call the above APIs. The data that they
return for a country can then be arranged and displayed in the modal dialogs.

the system should know how to read the data to find the country user is currently at 

● Country name / Capital city
● Population
● Currency / current exchange rate
● Current weather / weather forecast
● Wikipedia links
The above are an absolute minimum so please try to identify other APIs to retrieve
interesting facts and geodata to overlay on the map to make your application as engaging
as possible.


Structure:

- use different APIs that bring different info about the same country 

- user can click on the country to obtain data or it can type the name of the country in a search bar 

-map, search bar and menu will be on the main page along with the title, explanation what the page is for

-country.borders.json file needs to be implemented 

main page structure:
-nav
-display data
-map


The country can be accessed from:
	-dropdown menu
	-clicking on the place on the map or clicking within the coordinates of the country

we use ajax to display data immediately from database or server. we do not need to refresh the wholw website to display data.


have the borders of each country, so when you select a town, the computer recognises country and gives all info. 

use click event when user clicks on the map (found in interaction events on leaflet site)

implement countrybordersjosn file so the system reads long and latitude of your current location, and gives the name of the country and borders.

API is request that we send dow to server for the data we want to obtain
the analogy would be  client/customer -waiter -kitchen
REST is representational state transfer . It relies on client server protocol which is http, rest can be used by ay programming lan.

HTTP methods: post, get, delete
get retrieves data from specified source
post is to submit data to be processed to a specified resource

